# AWS API client for Amazon Fraud Detector

**Generated Dart library from API specification**

*About the service:*
This is the Amazon Fraud Detector API Reference. This guide is for
developers who need detailed information about Amazon Fraud Detector API
actions, data types, and errors. For more information about Amazon Fraud
Detector features, see the <a
href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/frauddetector/latest/ug/">Amazon Fraud
Detector User Guide</a>.

We provide the Query API as well as AWS software development kits (SDK) for
Amazon Fraud Detector in Java and Python programming languages.

The Amazon Fraud Detector Query API provides HTTPS requests that use the
HTTP verb GET or POST and a Query parameter <code>Action</code>. AWS SDK
provides libraries, sample code, tutorials, and other resources for software
developers who prefer to build applications using language-specific APIs
instead of submitting a request over HTTP or HTTPS. These libraries provide
basic functions that automatically take care of tasks such as
cryptographically signing your requests, retrying requests, and handling
error responses, so that it is easier for you to get started. For more
information about the AWS SDKs, go to <a
href="https://aws.amazon.com/developer/tools/">Tools to build on AWS</a>
page, scroll down to the <b>SDK</b> section, and choose plus (+) sign to
expand the section.

## Links

- [Other AWS libraries](https://github.com/agilord/aws_client/tree/master/generated).
- [Issue tracker](https://github.com/agilord/aws_client/issues).
- [AWS API definitions](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/tree/master/apis).
